# HU_Adult-JavaScript-HW-1
**__Please answer the questions below. For reference each question is linked to some examples.__**

1. [Working with variables](https://github.com/Jay4stem/HU_Adult-JavaScript-Examples/blob/master/Examples1.md#working-with-variables)
    - Declare two variables: admin and name.
    - Assign the value "John" to name.
    - Copy the value from name to admin.
    - Show the value of admin using alert (must output “John”)
    
2. [Show the sign](https://github.com/Jay4stem/HU_Adult-JavaScript-Examples/blob/master/Examples1.md#show-the-sign)
    - Using if..else, write the code which gets a number via prompt and then shows in alert:
    - In this task we assume that the input is always a number.
        - 1, if the value is greater than zero,
        - -1, if less than zero,
        - 0, if equals zero.
    
3. [Check the login](https://github.com/Jay4stem/HU_Adult-JavaScript-Examples/blob/master/Examples1.md#check-the-login)
    - Write the code which asks for a login with prompt.
        
            If the visitor enters "Admin", then prompt for a password,
            if the input is an empty line or Esc – show “Canceled.”,
            if it’s another string – then show “I don’t know you”.
            
    - The password is checked as follows:
            
            Another string – show “Wrong password”,
            For an empty string or cancelled input, show “Canceled.”
    
3. Which values shows the while?
   
   *For every loop, write down which values it shows, in your opinion. And then compare with the answer.*
    #### The prefix form ++i:
        1. let i = 0;
        2. while (++i < 5) 
        3. alert( i );

    #### The postfix form i++
        1. let i = 0;
        2. while (i++ < 5) 
        3. alert( i );
    
4. [Output even numbers in the loop](https://github.com/Jay4stem/HU_Adult-JavaScript-Examples/blob/master/Examples1.md#nesting-for-loops)
    - Use the for loop to output even numbers from 2 to 10.
    
5. [Array operations](https://github.com/Jay4stem/HU_Adult-JavaScript-Examples/blob/master/Examples1.md#array-operations)
    
    - Create an array styles with items “Jazz” and “Blues”.
    - Append “Rock-n-Roll” to the end.
    - Replace the value in the middle by “Classics”. Your code for finding the middle value should work for any arrays with odd length.
    - Strip off the first value of the array and show it.
    - Prepend Rap and Reggae to the array.

    ###### The array in the process:
        - Jazz, Blues
        - Jazz, Bues, Rock-n-Roll
        - Jazz, Classics, Rock-n-Roll
        - Classics, Rock-n-Roll
        - Rap, Reggae, Classics, Rock-n-Roll
        
## Extra Credit

### Sum input numbers

    Ask the user for values using prompt and stores the values in the array.
    Finishes asking when the user enters a non-numeric value, an empty string, or presses “Cancel”.
    Calculates and returns the sum of array items.

P.S. A zero 0 is a valid number, please don’t stop the input on zero.
